< DooblyNoobly> holy fuck I should not attempt to cut my own hair
There’s something beautiful about keeping certain aspects of your life hidden. Maybe people and clouds are beautiful because you can’t see everything. — Kamenashi Kazuya
“Time is tricky. You have whole months, even years, when nothing changes a speck, when you don’t go anywhere or do anything or think one new thought. And then you can get hit with a day or an hour, or half a second, when so much happens its almost like you are born all over again into some brand-new person you for damn sure never expected to meet.” -Life is Funny
“Life is a sleazy stranger, who looks vaguely familiar; flirting with a bimbo named disaster at the end of the bar.” – Ani DiFranco, ‘1,000,000’ 
“Live your life to the fullest. You only get one.
“Life has no limitations except the ones you make.” – Les Brown
“Life’s like photography, you use the negatives to develop.
“No other animal knows the difference between Friday and Monday.
“I have a theory that the answers to all of life’s major questions can found in a John Mayer song.” -Susane Colasanti
“I’d rather be weird and happy than normal and miserable.” 
“The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
“You don’t know what beauty is. You use the word, certainly, but your word is empty. Beauty is known only by one who has known the inner beauty, one who has known the inner flower opening. Then whenever a flower is seen, it reminds you of your inner beauty.” -Osho
“All this knowledge of the objective world is of no value in comparison to having a little glimpse of the inner sky and its beauty — its sunrises and sunsets, its days and nights, its blue sky and its stars. The outer then looks only a pale reflection of the inner. The inner becomes more real and the outer becomes just a shadow.” -Osho
“Only one thing I expect from all of you: to be yourself, to discover your inner beauty, your purity of consciousness, your hidden splendor — and spread it to as many people as possible. People are miserable. Help them to laugh a little, to sing a little, to dance a little.” -Osho
Our notions about happiness entrap us. We forget that they are just ideas. Our idea of happiness can prevent us from actually being happy. We fail to see the opportunity for joy that is right in front of us when we are caught in a belief that happiness should take a particular form. -Thich Nhat Hanh
“It’s not the length of life, but the depth of life.” -Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Knowledge, if wisely paired with action, builds an indestructible bridge to success.
“Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly on the path to the best things that will ever happen to us.
“Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking a moment and making the best of it.” -Gilda Radner
“In the game of life it’s a good idea to have a few early losses, which relieves you of the pressure of trying to maintain an undefeated season.” -Bill Baughan
“It’s the only real advantage to getting older. You get to say what you mean and stop apologizing.” -Jill A. Davis
“Listen to your own voice, your own soul, too many people listen to the noise of the world, instead of themselves.
“People build too many walls and not enough bridges.
“Death is not the opposite of life, it is a part of life. A part we’ve not yet explored and thus do not understand and it if only natural to fear what we do not understand. But with the right attitude we can make life beautiful. With this same attitude, can death not be the same?”
“There comes a time in life when you’ll have to leave everything behind and start something new but never forget the ones who stood by your side, especially the ones who never gave up on you.
“Life is about feeling someone pushing you from behind and realizing it’s you.
“Remain calm in every situation because peace equals power.” -Joyce
“We almost always see only what’s wrong with other people and not what’s wrong with us.” -Joyce Meyer
“It is never too late to make things right.
“There’s only 2 options: Make progress or make excuses.
“The rain WILL stop, the night WILL end, the hurt WILL fade. Hope is never so lost that it can’t be found.” -Mandy Hale
“I look at you and see all the ways a soul can bruise, and I wish I could sink my hands into your flesh and light lanterns along your spine so you know that there’s nothing but light when I see you.” -Shinji Moon
“You are never too busy to take time out of your day for those who matter most. You can always make time.
“The moment you feel like you have to prove your worth to someone is the moment to absolutely and utterly walk away.
“A good relationship is worth the wait.
“Be thankful for everybody in your life, good and bad, past and present. They all made you the person that you are today.
“If you are going to be courageous, an example for all those who are ready to step into their power, then you must be willing to show the world all of who you are. You must have the guts to throw off the chains of modesty and mediocrity in order to be the light that the world needs.” -Debbie Ford
